#loadout
This module checks what unit type the player is spawned in as and then gives him a loadout corresponding to that type. All of the unit's initial gear is removed and then new gear determined by the unit's type as well as the script file corresponding to that type in the `units` folder. After this is done a briefing entry is generated by `fn_loadout_notes.sqf` that shows the player what his gear will be when he loads into the mission.

###Configure
Edit the scripts in the `units` folder to match what you want players to have. If you don't know the class names of an item use the Virtual Arsenal (Under the Learn tab in the main menu) to find them. 

#### Adding Clothing
To make it easier to change/update loadouts, and to reduce inventory desync, there is now a file in the `units` folder called `[TEAM]_Default.sqf`. This file contains four lines, one each for uniform, vest, backpack, and headgear. Set these variables to whatever you want the default uniform for players on that team to be. If you want to have unique uniforms for certain player classes then redefine those variables in the loadout file for that class before the line: ```call phx_fnc_loadout_handleClothing; // Add clothing variables above this line!```

#### Adding Binoculars/NVGs
Similar to adding clothing, there are variables for adding items to the Binocular and NVG slots. These variables need to be defined either in the team's default loadout or in the loadout for the class you want to have the item, above the line: ```call phx_fnc_loadout_handleItems; // Add binocular/nvg variables above this line!```

For NVG slot items, define the variable `phx_loadout_addNVG` with the classname of the item you want to add. 
For Binocular slot items, define the variable `phx_loadout_addBinocular` with the classname of the item you want to add.

###Disable
In `f\init\fn_init_client.sqf` comment out or remove the line ```call phx_fnc_loadout_set;```